
...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-

[.]           [..]          banner        [c0]          [c1]        
[c10]         [c11]         [c12]         [c13]         [c14]       
[c2]          [c3]          [c4]          [c5]          [c9]        
dir-c.txt     index.html    
       17 file(s)       9.490 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c0

[.]             [..]            alias.cmd       banner          ccp.cpm       
clrhist.cpm     cmdrun.cpm      cpm3.sys        fxpark.cpm      if.cpm        
index.html      profile.sub     sh.var          startz3p.cpm    submit.cpm    
z3plus.cpm      z3plus.lbr      zfiler.cmd      zfiler.cpm      zrlsh.cpm     
ztime.cpm       
       21 file(s)     181.299 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c1

[.]             [..]            asm.vmn         atob.cpm        atob.czm      
autotog.cpm     autotog.czm     banner          bcomp.cpm       bcomp.czm     
box.cpm         box.czm         btoa.cpm        btoa.czm        bu.cpm        
bu.czm          cd.cpm          cd.czm          chaos.cpm       chaos.czm     
charset.cpm     charset.czm     clrhist.cpm     clrhist.czm     command.lbr   
config.lbr      copy.cpm        copy.czm        copysys.cpm     copysys.czm   
corner.cpm      corner.czm      cpset.cpm       cpset.czm       crunch.cpm    
crunch.czm      d.cpm           d.czm           danal.cpm       danal.czm     
device.cpm      device.czm      diskcat.vmn     diskinfo.cpm    diskinfo.czm  
diskstat.cpm    diskstat.czm    do.cpm          do.czm          doscom.pma    
dump.cpm        dump.czm        ed.cpm          ed.czm          editndr.cpm   
editndr.czm     editz3pl.cpm    editz3pl.czm    erabox.cpm      erabox.czm    
eraline.cpm     eraline.czm     erase.cpm       erase.czm       fbad.cpm      
fbad.czm        font12.cpm      font12.czm      font14.cpm      font14.czm    
format.cpm      format.czm      fremd.cpm       fremd.czm       ftasten.cpm   
ftasten.czm     gdospara.cpm    gdospara.czm    gencom.cpm      gencom.czm    
get.cpm         get.czm         gotoxy.cpm      gotoxy.czm      graoff.cpm    
graoff.czm      graon.cpm       graon.czm       gtv.cpm         gtv.czm       
gxymsg.cpm      gxymsg.czm      hbar.cpm        hbar.czm        hexcom.cpm    
hexcom.czm      holdz11.cpm     holdz11.czm     if.cpm          if.czm        
index.html      initdir.cpm     initdir.czm     iobug.cpm       iobug.czm     
isec.cpm        isec.czm        jetldr.cpm      jetldr.czm      konfig.cpm    
konfig.czm      kopier.cpm      kopier.czm      ldir.cpm        ldir.czm      
lget.cpm        lget.czm        liesgdos.cpm    liesgdos.czm    line.cpm      
line.czm        lput.cpm        lput.czm        lrepair.cpm     lrepair.czm   
lsh.cpm         lsh.czm         lshinst.cpm     lshinst.czm     lt.cpm        
lt.czm          lx.cpm          lx.czm          m6845.cpm       m6845.czm     
manchmal.cpm    manchmal.czm    menu.vmn        msdos.cpm       msdos.czm     
msform.cpm      msform.czm      mu3.cpm         mu3.czm         notepad.cpm   
notepad.czm     nsweep.cpm      nsweep.czm      nulu.cpm        nulu.czm      
patch.cpm       patch.czm       path.cpm        path.czm        pause.cpm     
pause.czm       pip.cpm         pip.czm         pkxarc.zex      pmarc.cpm     
pmarc.czm       pmext.cpm       pmext.czm       pmsfx2.cpm      pmsfx2.czm    
print.cpm       print.czm       prtdrv.cpm      prtdrv.czm      put.cpm       
put.czm         rename.cpm      rename.czm      rsv.cpm         rsv.czm       
rsxmap.cpm      rsxmap.czm      sainst.cpm      sainst.czm      sak.cpm       
sak.czm         salias.cpm      salias.czm      save.cpm        save.czm      
savendr.cpm     savendr.czm     scrsav.cpm      scrsav.czm      sdz.cpm       
sdz.czm         selpr           set.cpm         set.czm         setdef.cpm    
setdef.czm      sh.cpm          sh.czm          shctrl.cpm      shctrl.czm    
shdefine.cpm    shdefine.czm    show.cpm        show.czm        shset.cpm     
shset.czm       shvar.cpm       shvar.czm       sid.cpm         sid.czm       
sio.cpm         sio.czm         szap4.cpm       szap4.czm       tcselect.cpm  
tcselect.czm    tcview24.cpm    tcview24.czm    tdir.cpm        tdir.czm      
term3.vmn       type.cpm        type.czm        unarc.cpm       unarc.czm     
uncr.cpm        uncr.czm        v.cpm           v.czm           valias.cpm    
valias.czm      vbar.cpm        vbar.czm        vcinst21.cpm    vcinst21.czm  
vcomp.cpm       vcomp.czm       vid.cpm         vid.czm         vmenu.cpm     
vmenu.czm       vmenuc.cpm      vmenuc.czm      vren.cpm        vren.czm      
w.cpm           w.czm           xref.cpm        xref.czm        zcnfg.cpm     
zcnfg.czm       zde.cpm         zde.czm         zdt.cpm         zdt.czm       
zeisatz.cpm     zeisatz.czm     zerrinst.cpm    zerrinst.czm    zerrlsh.cpm   
zerrlsh.czm     zex.cpm         zex.czm         zex.rsx         zlt.cpm       
zlt.czm         zp.cpm          zp.czm          zshow.cpm       zshow.czm     
ztime.cpm       ztime.czm       
      272 file(s)   2.751.924 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c10

[.]           [..]          banner        index.html    mp.cpm      
mp.hlp        mp.ovr        mp80          
        8 file(s)     113.965 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c11

[.]             [..]            -read.me        banner          help.cpm      
help.hlp        index.html      lbrhlpcf.txt    lhc.cpm         lhq.cpm       
menue.hlp       zhelp.cpm       
       12 file(s)      75.977 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c12

[.]           [..]          banner        index.html    kermit.cpm  
lync.cpm      qterm.cpm     
        7 file(s)      48.499 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c13

[.]             [..]            backup.zex      banner          gxymsg.cpm    
hdback40.cmd    hdback40.doc    hdback40.for    hdback40.lbr    index.html    
lastback.cpm    ppip19.cpm      start.zex       tcj-38.col      
       14 file(s)     137.558 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c14

[.]             [..]            banner          index.html      ini.bak       
ini.tst         kermit.cpm      local.sub       lync.arc        lync280.cpm   
makemex.sub     mex.hlp         mex112.lbr      mex114.lbr      mex2g3s.cpm   
mload.cpm       move3.cpm       moveit.lbr      movit280.cpm    phone.lst     
phone.num       qterm280.cpm    set.mex         sz.sub          zcpm.sub      
zmconfig.ovr    zmconfig.ozr    zminit.ovr      zminit.ozr      zmovl.zz0     
zmp-cpm3.lbr    zmp-cpm3.z80    zmp-z280.lbr    zmp.cfg         zmp.cpm       
zmp.czm         zmp.fon         zmp.for         zmp.fzn         zmp.hlp       
zmpx.cpm        zmterm.ovr      zmterm.ozr      zmxfer.ovr      zmxfer.ozr    
zmyapp.ovr      
       46 file(s)     813.051 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c2

[.]             [..]            apfel.cpm       apfel.pas       apfelman.hrg  
apinstal.cpm    applmenu.cmd    arc.pas         as-edit.cmd     as-frame.cmd  
as-gets.cmd     as-locat.cmd    as-main.cmd     as-pack.cmd     as-posn.cmd   
as-some.cmd     asv.add         asv.cmd         asv.dbf         asv.frm       
asv.old         asvdel.txt      asvind.ndx      asvlbl.cmd      asvmsk1.cmd   
asvmsk2.cmd     asvrpt.cmd      asvrpt2.cmd     auswdemo.cpm    auswdemo.pas  
autodat.cmd     banner          calc.hlp        calc.pas        calcdemo.mcs  
calcmain.cpm    calcmain.pas    chain.pas       choose.cpm      choose.dem    
cline127.inc    cmdlin.pas      convert.pas     cp-edit.cmd     cp-frame.cmd  
cp-gets.cmd     cp-locat.cmd    cp-main.cmd     cp-pack.cmd     cp-posn.cmd   
cp-some.cmd     cpmind.ndx      cpmlib.txt      cpmlibs.dbf     cpmlist.cmd   
cpmtools.pas    d.for           d.his           d.pas           dbase.cpm     
dbasemsg.txt    dbaseovr.cpm    dgen.cmd        dgen.ovl        dir.pas       
dropdown.cpm    dropdown.dem    drucker.pas     dsort.cpm       erax.pas      
error.dem       feier.pas       fenster.pro     filegen.cmd     formgen.cmd   
fxpark.pas      grafik.cpm      grafik.pas      graph.cmd       head.txt      
index.html      initprt.cmd     jubil.cmd       jubil10.txt     jubil25.txt   
lab2.pas        labelgen.cmd    liste.txt       lister.pas      lspt-nw.cmd   
menugen.cmd     minited.pas     minitedg.pas    mouse.pas       msform.pas    
pos-dem.cpm     pos-dem.pas     qfile-1.cpm     qfile-1.dem     qfile-2.dem   
readstat.dem    rechner.cpm     rechner.dem     rekursiv.pas    schreibm.pas  
scrsav.cpm      scrsav.pas      select.cpm      select.dem      send.pas      
setprint.cmd    shuttle.hrg     sideways.pas    tab.pas         tdb-2.pas     
tdb.pas         test.1          test.mas        testchar.pas    ueber.pas     
uppercas.pas    verk.mcs        wator.pas       win7test.pas    window.cpm    
window.pas      wintest.cpm     wintest.pas     wintest1.cpm    wintest1.pas  
wintest2.cpm    wintest2.pas    zins.pas        zufall.pas      
      134 file(s)   1.478.336 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c3

[.]             [..]            anagram.cpm     article         ascii         
banner          bf2tny.cpm      brad2.not       braddemo.s      bradfont.cpm  
bradford.cpm    chart.bf2       chart2.bf2      chart2h.bf2     config.bf     
digit.bf2       digit2.bf2      extend.bf2      greek.bf2       idigit.bf2    
index.html      intro           iorator.bf2     ipizza2b.bf2    ipizzaw.bf2   
iselectw.bf2    itype.bf2       itypex.bf2      ivanil.bf2      jazz.bf2      
jazz2.bf2       jazz2h.bf2      jazzh.bf2       main            modern.bf2    
movein          mx              nostalg.bf2     orator.bf2      partb.doc     
pizza.bf2       pizza2.bf2      pizza2b.bf2     pizza2c.bf2     pizza2h.bf2   
pizzaw.bf2      sample1         sample2         sample3         select.bf2    
select2.bf2     select2b.bf2    select2c.bf2    selectw.bf2     smalcap.bf2   
st              stripe2.bf2     summary         tiny.bf2        tinyw.bf2     
type.bf2        typex.bf2       unfont.cpm      usetabs         vanilla.bf2   
winstall.cpm    wordfreq.cpm    ws#.cpm         ws.bf           ws.cpm        
ws.ovr          ws4.cpm         wschange.cpm    wschange.ovr    wschhelp.ovr  
wshelp.ovr      wsindex.xcl     wsmsgs.ovr      wsp.cpm         wsprint.ovr   
wsshort.ovr     
       81 file(s)     720.598 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c4

[.]             [..]            apfel1.hrg      as.zex          banner        
bdosgraf.z80    box.z80         cl10.cpm        cl10.rel        cl10.z80      
ddh.txt         dslib.rel       dslibs.rel      erabar.z80      erabox.z80    
eraline.z80     font12.z80      font14.z80      fremd.z80       freset.rel    
g3sk.z80        gdospara.z80    gotoxy.z80      grafik.z80      graoff.z80    
gxymsg.z80      hbar.z80        hd.txt          hddtbl.asm      hddtbl.cpm    
hddtbl.rel      hddtbl.sym      holte.z80       hrg.cpm         index.html    
iopzxr.z80      isec.z80        l80.cpm         l80.zex         lesezeit.cpm  
lesezeit.z80    libvers.cpm     libvers.z80     liesgdos.z80    line.z80      
link.cpm        loadhrg.cpm     loadhrg.z80     m80.cpm         mac.cpm       
mdrv.mac        mload.cpm       mysort.rel      newbas12.z80    newlibc.rel   
rdump.rel       readme.lnk      relhex.cpm      rmac.cpm        rsxinit.asm   
sak22.obj       savehrg.cpm     savehrg.z80     setatr.z80      slr180.cpm    
slrnk#.cpm      syslib.rel      syslibs.rel     taste.z80       trs80.asm     
trs80.bak       trs80.cpm       trs80.z80       umap18.z80      umapcf.z80    
uneras12.mac    vbar.z80        vlib.rel        vlibs.rel       wash.asm      
window.z80      window0.z80     wnboot.z80      xcpm3.lib       z3lib.rel     
z3libs.rel      z80-008.mac     z80.cpm         z80.lib         z80dis.000    
z80dis.001      z80dis.002      z80dis.cpm      zap.mac         zap51.mac     
zas.cpm         zdinstal.cpm    zdinstal.dta    zdinstal.msg    zfmake.zex    
zlink.cpm       zmac.cpm        zr16c-sc.lbr    zxriop.cpm      zxriop.z80    
      105 file(s)   1.116.345 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c5

[.]             [..]            arcadd.inc      arcdef.inc      arcdel.inc    
arcdir.inc      arcext.inc      arcfunc.inc     arcio.inc       arclst.inc    
arclzw.inc      arcmisc.inc     arcpack.inc     arcsqu.inc      auswahl.bib   
banner          bbtree.$$$      d-eng.in1       d.in5           d.in6         
dirscan.fun     dnscan.fun      duscan.fun      dutdir.fun      dynstr.bib    
error.inc       eval.fun        external.doc    fenster.bib     fenster.inc   
files           get.fun         getfirst.inc    getndr.fun      grafik.inc    
hex.fun         index.html      lauf.bib        lieschar.inc    lifo.bib      
logud.pro       longfunc.inc    longint.bib     macro.bib       maske-1.bib   
nameddir.inc    newchai0.inc    newchai1.inc    newchain.inc    newchain.sou  
nz-turbo.con    nz-turbo.syn    nz-turbo.typ    nz-turbo.var    parse.pro     
pos.inc         probe.eps       probe.tab       put.pro         qfile.inc     
qsort.bib       qsort.inc       readchar.bib    readchar.inc    readext.bib   
readstat.inc    rechner.bib     retud.fun       select-1.bib    select-2.bib  
sio1.inc        sort.dem        tdb-00.inc      tdb-01.inc      tdb-02.inc    
tdb-03.inc      tdb-04.inc      tdb-05.inc      tdb-06.inc      tdb-07.inc    
ted-1.inc       ted-2.inc       ted-3.inc       theinst.cpm     theinst.pas   
tpatch.for      tpatch.hex      tpatch.ins      tpatch.lbr      tpatch.z80    
tpatch0.hex     tpatch0.ins     tpatch1.hex     tpatch1.ins     turbo.cpm     
turbo.msg       turbo.ovr       turbomsg.ovr    turbovr.ins     turbovr.z80   
video.bib       windef.inc      windefmi.inc    window.bib      window.par    
window7.bib     windowg.bib     z3env.inc       z3log.pro       
      109 file(s)     657.485 bytes used

...\eaca\genie_3s\my_genie_3s\image\g3s_with_omti-harddisk\-c-\c9

[.]             [..]            $exec.cpm       ackerman.h      an.cpm        
an.h            assert.h        banner          bios.h          bios3.c       
bios3.h         booz.cpm        c.cpm           cct.cpm         cdefs.h       
cgen.cpm        conio.h         cp.cpm          cpm.h           cpm.huf       
cpp.cpm         cref.cpm        crtcpm.obj      crtcpm.old      ctype.cpm     
ctype.doc       ctype.h         cvidlib.lbr     debug.cpm       dehuff.cpm    
environ         errno.h         exec.h          fcntl.h         fib.h         
float.h         float.huf       gen.huf         getargs.h       grafik.h      
grep.cpm        hcat.cpm        hitech.h        holte.h         holte.lib     
index.html      libc.lib        libc.old        libc.txt        libcold.txt   
libf.lib        libholte.txt    libholte.ws     libr.cpm        libr.for      
libz.lib        libz01.lbr      limits.h        link.cpm        math.h        
objtohex.cpm    options.txt     p1.cpm          pcc.cpm         pcx.h         
rrtcpm.obj      setjmp.h        signal.h        stat.h          stdarg.h      
stddef.h        stdio.h         stdio.huf       stdio.old       stdlib.h      
string.h        sys.h           testbild.as     testbild.obj    time.h        
unixio.h        window.c        z3.h            zas.cpm         zcrtcpm.as    
       85 file(s)     883.572 bytes used
Total files listed:
      911 file(s)     8.988.099 bytes used
                    8.478.986 K bytes free
