     Using the MAKEDOS utility.
     ==========================

In an ideal world, MAKEDOS would not be required as every 
computer manufacturer would have provided the source code for 
your BIOS and the GENCPM.COM utility. This however is not an 
ideal world.

If you have all the appropriate files, use GENCPM with the new 
ZPM3 BNKBDOS3.SPR and RESBDOS3.SPR to make a new CP/M system. If 
you only have your CP/M 3.0 system file, then read on to learn 
how to use MAKEDOS.COM to convert it from CP/M 3.0 to ZPM3.


You CP/M 3.0 system file could be called one of a number of 
things. Ideally it will be called CPM3.SYS. But it might have 
another name such as J14CPM3.EMS (Amstrad computers). Even if you 
find it, you must know how the system uses it. For example does 
it load it from A0: when you boot your computer? If it does then 
you are going to have to return your modified file to A0:. Or 
does it keep the file hidden in system tracks of your disk? If 
that is the case you will have to find out how to change the 
system tracks. Chances are though that the file is read from A0: 
on each cold boot.

Before continuing, make sure you have a backup bootable disk. If 
you overwrite your only system file and it fails to work you are 
going to be pretty unhappy... so don't let it happen!

Put your system file, MAKEDOS.COM, BNKBDOS3.SPR and RESBDOS3.SPR 
onto the same disk and user area. Note that you must do this ON 
THE SAME COMPUTER RUNNING CP/M 3.0 as the system is intended for. 
This is most important because MAKEDOS gets information from its 
host computer, and if the computer is different from the one the 
system is intended for, it will get the wrong information.

Type MAKEDOS SYSTEM.FIL at the prompt (replacing the SYSTEM.FIL 
in the above command with the actual name of your system file 
(such as MAKEDOS CPM3.SYS)).  MAKEDOS will churn away for a while 
and tell you some information. If it doesn't come up with an 
error message, all is well and you can proceed.

MAKEDOS makes three files. RES.DAT, BNK.DAT and another file with 
the same name as your original but with the tail .NEW (eg 
CPM3.SYS becomes CPM3.NEW). Your original file has not been 
touched. Obviously, you have to rename the .NEW file so that it 
has the correct name as the system. MAKEDOS doesn't do this for 
you just in case something goes wrong... until you rename the new 
file, you will still have a copy of the original. So, rename the 
new file, put it where it needs to be for it to become the 
system, and reboot the computer. All being well, you will come up 
running ZPM3.

Possible problems:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A few things may cause a failure and should be checked if you get 
an error message.

You must have enough disk space for all the files. Figure on 
having enough for the new system (same size as the old system), 
plus about another 16k.

Another problem is that your serial number gets overwritten. 
MAKEDOS uses your CP/M 3.0 serial number to find the BDOS in your 
system file. It checks the serial number in the file against the 
serial number on the host machine. However, it is possible for 
your serial number to become corrupted. In such a case you should 
reboot and try again.

It is unlikely to affect anyone, but MAKEDOS may fail with 
system files larger than 48k. If you need to convert such a file, 
please contact me.

Be aware that running MAKEDOS on a machine different from the 
machine that the system file is intended for may not result in 
any error messages, but will most likely cause the file to not be 
converted properly. Always use the host computer, and make sure 
you are running CP/M 3.0 or ZPM3.


Once you have successfully installed ZPM3, it may not be obvious 
that it is running. ZPM3 will act just like CP/M 3.0 for the most 
part. The easiest way to check is to enter a few commands, then 
press control-W a few times. Unlike CP/M 3.0, ZPM3 remembers more 
than one previous command, and you should see them presented to 
you with control-W.

If you have any further trouble, all you can really do is talk to 
me, via Z-Node 62 in Perth, Western Australia (09 450 0200). Good 
luck.