\001

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        $temp$          bad.cpm       
banner          bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     bnkbios.rel     bnkbios3.spr  
boot.mac        boot.rel        booter.cpm      booter.mac      bootgen.sub   
bootgen1.zex    bootgen2.zex    ccp.cpm         chario.mac      chario.rel    
copy.cpm        copysys.cpm     cpm3.sub        cpm3.sys        cpmldr.cpm    
cpmldr.rel      dir.cpm         diskio1.mac     diskio1.rel     do.cpm        
driver.cpm      driver.mac      drvtbl1.mac     drvtbl1.rel     dump.cpm      
ed.cpm          erase.cpm       font12.mac      format.cpm      gencom.cpm    
gencpm.bak      gencpm.cpm      gencpm.dat      get.cpm         hd2.crf       
hd2.mac         hd2.rel         hdboot.mac      hdboot.rel      hdbooter.cpm  
hdbooter.mac    hddtbl.asm      hddtbl.cpm      hdndf.cpm       hdndf.z80     
hexcom.cpm      index.html      info.html       l80.cpm         ldrbiohd.mac  
ldrbios.mac     link.cpm        linkcpm3.sub    m80.cpm         modebaud.mac  
move.mac        move.rel        nurdrive.sub    put.cpm         resbdos3.spr  
scb.mac         scb.rel         set.cpm         setdef.cpm      slr180.cpm    
system.sub      t80.cpm         xcpm3.lib       zde.cpm         
       79 file(s)     791.352 bytes used

\002

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        $temp$          banner        
bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     bnkbios.rel     bnkbios3.spr    boot.mac      
boot.rel        booter.mac      bootgen.sub     ccp.cpm         chario.mac    
chario.rel      copy.cpm        copysys.cpm     cpm3.sub        cpm3.sys      
cpmldr.cpm      cpmldr.rel      diskio1.mac     diskio1.rel     do.cpm        
driver.cpm      driver.mac      drvtbl1.mac     drvtbl1.rel     font12.mac    
gencpm.bak      gencpm.cpm      gencpm.dat      hd2.mac         hd2.rel       
hdboot.mac      hdboot.rel      hdbooter.cpm    hdbooter.mac    hdndf.cpm     
index.html      info.html       l80.cpm         ldrbiohd.mac    ldrbios.mac   
link.cpm        m80.cpm         modebaud.mac    move.mac        move.rel      
resbdos3.spr    scb.mac         scb.rel         system.sub      t80.cpm       
zde.cpm         
       56 file(s)     600.208 bytes used

\003

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        backup.cpm      banner        
bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     boot.mac        ccp.cpm         chario.mac    
cpm3.doc        cpm3.sub        cpm3.sys        cpm3hd.sys      date.cpm      
diskio.mac      drvtbl.mac      gencpm.dat      index.html      info.html     
initw.cpm       modebaud.mac    move.mac        profile.sub     resbdos3.spr  
scb.mac         submit.cpm      
       27 file(s)     288.523 bytes used

\004

[.]           [..]          banner        index.html    info.html   
        5 file(s)       6.346 bytes used

\005

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        $temp$          $temp2$       
banner          bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     boot.mac        booter.cpm    
booter.mac      bootgen.sub     chario.mac      copysys.cpm     cpm3.bak      
cpm3.sub        cpm3.sys        cpm3hd.sys      cpmldr.cpm      cpmldr.rel    
diskio.mac      driver.bak      driver.cpm      driver.mac      drvtbl.mac    
font12.mac      gencpm.cpm      gencpm.dat      hdndf.bak       hdndf.cpm     
hdndf.z80       index.html      info.html       l80.cpm         ldrbios.bak   
ldrbios.mac     ldrbios.rel     link.cpm        m80.cpm         modebaud.mac  
move.mac        resbdos3.spr    scb.mac         sysin51.$$$     t80.cpm       
       45 file(s)     737.891 bytes used

\006

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        backup.cpm      bad.cpm       
banner          bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     bnkbios.rel     bnkbios3.spr  
boot.mac        boot.rel        booter.bak      booter.mac      bootgen1.zex  
bootgen2.zex    ccp.cpm         chario.mac      chario.rel      copysys.cpm   
cpm3.sub        cpm3.sys        cpmldr.cpm      cpmldr.rel      diskio1.mac   
diskio1.rel     do.cpm          driver.mac      drvtbl1.mac     drvtbl1.rel   
font12.mac      gencpm.cpm      gencpm.dat      hd2.crf         hd2.mac       
hd2.rel         hddtbl.asm      hddtbl.cpm      hddtbl.rel      hdndf.cpm     
hdndf.z80       index.html      info.html       initdir.cpm     l80.cpm       
ldrbios.bak     ldrbios.mac     link.cpm        linkcpm3.sub    m80.cpm       
modebaud.mac    move.mac        move.rel        nurdrive.sub    resbdos3.spr  
scb.mac         scb.rel         set.cpm         show.cpm        submit.cpm    
xcpm3.lib       zde.cpm         
       62 file(s)     639.196 bytes used

\007

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        alias.cmd       banner        
bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     bnkbios3.spr    boot.mac        booter.mac    
bootgen.sub     ccp.cpm         chario.mac      copy.cpm        copysys.cpm   
cpm3.sub        cpm3.sys        cpmldr.rel      ctod.exe        diskio1.mac   
do.cpm          driver.mac      drvtbl1.mac     font12.mac      gencpm.cpm    
gencpm.dat      hd2.mac         hdboot.mac      hdbooter.mac    hdndf.cpm     
index.html      info.html       l80.cpm         ldrbiohd.mac    ldrbios.mac   
link.cpm        m80.cpm         modebaud.mac    move.mac        resbdos3.spr  
salias.cpm      scb.mac         sdz.cpm         system.sub      t80.cpm       
test.cpm        z3plus.cpm      z3plus.lbr      zde.cpm         zfiler.cmd    
zfiler.cpm      zrlsh.cpm       
       52 file(s)     664.684 bytes used

\008

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        am9511a.mac     arc.c         
backup.c        backupe.mac     backupg.mac     banner          basf6188.h    
bios.h          bitmap.c        bitsy.c         c.sub           ccz.cpm       
chargen.c       checktrk.mac    circle.c        closepl.c       config.c      
confige.mac     configg.mac     copy.c          copye.mac       copyg.mac     
danal.c         danalt.mac      erase.c         errno.h         fgrep.c       
fkey.c          fkeye.mac       fkeyg.mac       format.c        formatg.mac   
formtrk.mac     getargs.c       getargs.h       grep.c          index.html    
info.html       initw.c         initwg.mac      l80.cpm         m6845.c       
m6845e.mac      m6845g.mac      m80.cpm         mhz.c           necd5124.h    
necd5126.h      newlibc.rel     openpl.c        pccopy.c        point.c       
readaddr.mac    sort.c          sq306.h         ssort.c         st412.h       
stdio.h         stdiop.h        stoi.c          tm252.h         tm502.h       
tools.c         tools.h         turtle.c        window.c        
       69 file(s)     668.809 bytes used

\009

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        alias.cmd       apfel.pas     
apfel1.hrg      autotog.cpm     autotog.z80     banner          bios.txt      
bnkbdos3.spr    bytefile.bib    ccp.cpm         chaos.cpm       cmdrun.cpm    
config.cpm      config.sys      cpm3.sys        cpm3scb.doc     ctinhalt.tzt  
danal.cpm       date.cpm        device.cpm      dir.cpm         dircpm.cpm    
diskstat.cpm    egberts.epr     era.cpm         eraeof.cpm      eraeof.pas    
ff.cpm          fkey.cpm        format.cpm      gdospara.cpm    gdospara.z80  
gracls.cpm      gracls.pas      graoff.cpm      graoff.z80      graon.cpm     
graon.z80       help.cpm        help.hlp        hp#.cpm         id.cpm        
if.cpm          index.html      info.html       initdir.cpm     ldir.cpm      
leseepr.cpm     leseepr.z80     lget.cpm        liesgdos.cpm    liesgdos.z80  
loadhrg.cpm     loadhrg.z80     lput.cpm        lsh.cmd         lsh.cpm       
makedisk.zex    makedos.cpm     makedos.txt     ndf.cpm         neuboot.asm   
neuboot.epr     neuboot.prn     nswp.cpm        path.cpm        pc2cpm.cpm    
pc2cpm.pas      pd.cpm          pdrive.sys      pip.cpm         pipe.cpm      
profile.sub     pwd.cpm         ql.cpm          ren.cpm         resbdos3.spr  
rsxdmo.asm      rsxdmo.doc      rsxdmo.rsx      rsxinit.asm     rsxinit.cpm   
salias.cpm      save.cpm        savehrg.cpm     savehrg.z80     sdz.cpm       
set.cpm         setdef.cpm      sio.cpm         slr180.cpm      startz3p.cpm  
tcview.cpm      test.cpm        unarc.cpm       uncr.cpm        version.not   
vlu.cpm         wnboot.epr      wnboot.prn      wnboot.z80      z3plus.cpm    
z3plus.lbr      zde.cpm         zerrlsh.cpm     zex.cpm         zfiler.cmd    
zfiler.cpm      zp.cpm          zpm3.txt        zshow.cpm       
      114 file(s)   1.128.163 bytes used

\010

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        alias.cmd       banner        
ccp.cpm         cmdrun.cpm      config.cpm      config.sys      cpm3.sys      
date.cpm        device.cpm      dir.cpm         dircpm.cpm      diskstat.cpm  
era.cpm         ff.cpm          fkey.cpm        format.cpm      help.cpm      
help.hlp        id.cpm          if.cpm          index.html      info.html     
initdir.cpm     ldir.cpm        lget.cpm        lput.cpm        lsh.cmd       
lsh.cpm         ndf.cpm         nswp.cpm        path.cpm        pd.cpm        
pdrive.sys      pip.cpm         pipe.cpm        pwd.cpm         ql.cpm        
ren.cpm         salias.cpm      save.cpm        sdz.cpm         set.cpm       
setdef.cpm      sio.cpm         slr180.cpm      startz3p.cpm    tcview.cpm    
test.cpm        unarc.cpm       uncr.cpm        vlu.cpm         z3plus.cpm    
z3plus.lbr      zde.cpm         zerrlsh.cpm     zex.cpm         zfiler.cmd    
zfiler.cpm      zp.cpm          zshow.cpm       
       63 file(s)     685.530 bytes used

\011

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        banner          biosdir.pro   
bitset.bib      cpm31.inc       dir.pas         dirscan.fun     dnscan.fun    
duscan.fun      dutdir.fun      egberts.epr     font12.cpm      font12.z80    
font14.cpm      font14.z80      fxpark.cpm      fxpark.pas      gdospara.cpm  
gdospara.z80    get.fun         getndr.fun      hdbooter.mac    hex.fun       
index.html      info.html       ldrbiohd.mac    leseepr.cpm     leseepr.z80   
liesgdos.cpm    liesgdos.z80    neuboot.asm     neuboot.epr     neuboot.prn   
pccopy.cpm      put.pro         qsort.inc       send.pas        sio1.inc      
wnboot.epr      wnboot.prn      wnboot.z80      
       43 file(s)     237.349 bytes used

\012

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        bad.cpm         banner        
bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     bnkbios.rel     bnkbios3.spr    boot.mac      
boot.rel        ccp.cpm         chario.mac      chario.rel      cpm3.sub      
cpm3.sys        date.cpm        dir.cpm         diskio1.bak     diskio1.mac   
diskio1.rel     do.cpm          drvtbl1.bak     drvtbl1.mac     drvtbl1.rel   
gencpm.cpm      gencpm.dat      hd2.bak         hd2.mac         hd2.rel       
hddtbl.asm      hddtbl.bak      hddtbl.cpm      hddtbl.prn      hddtbl.rel    
hddtbl.sym      hdndf.bak       hdndf.cpm       hdndf.z80       index.html    
info.html       initdir.cpm     l80.cpm         link.cpm        linkcpm3.bak  
linkcpm3.sub    m80.cpm         modebaud.mac    move.mac        move.rel      
nurdrive.sub    pip.cpm         pipe.cpm        resbdos3.spr    rmac.cpm      
scb.mac         scb.rel         set.cpm         show.cpm        slr180.cpm    
sz4.cpm         t80.cpm         xcpm3.lib       zde.cpm         
       64 file(s)     540.910 bytes used

\013

[.]             [..]            !dir.txt        $temp$          bad.cpm       
bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     bnkbios.rel     bnkbios3.spr    boot.mac      
boot.rel        booter.cpm      booter.mac      bootgen1.zex    bootgen2.zex  
ccp.cpm         chario.mac      chario.rel      copysys.cpm     cpm3.sub      
cpm3.sys        cpmldr.cpm      cpmldr.rel      date.cpm        dir.cpm       
diskio1.mac     diskio1.rel     do.cpm          driver.cpm      driver.mac    
drvtbl1.mac     drvtbl1.rel     font12.mac      gencpm.cpm      gencpm.dat    
hd2.bak         hd2.mac         hd2.rel         hddtbl.asm      hddtbl.cpm    
hddtbl.rel      hdndf.cpm       hdndf.z80       index.html      info.html     
initdir.cpm     l80.cpm         ldrbios.mac     link.cpm        linkcpm3.sub  
m80.cpm         modebaud.mac    move.mac        move.rel        nurdrive.sub  
pip.cpm         pipe.cpm        resbdos3.spr    rmac.cpm        scb.mac       
scb.rel         set.cpm         show.cpm        slr180.cpm      sz4.cpm       
t80.cpm         xcpm3.lib       zde.cpm         
       68 file(s)     734.045 bytes used

\014

[.]           [..]          banner        basf6188.h    cpm3.sys    
cpm3hd.sys    diskio.mac    drvtbl.mac    gencpm.dat    index.html  
info.html     initw.c       initw.cpm     initwe.mac    initwg.mac  
necd5124.h    necd5126.h    sq306.h       st412.h       tm252.h     
[u1]          
       21 file(s)     142.786 bytes used

\014\u1

[.]            [..]           banner         basf6188.h     bnkbios.mac  
boot.mac       cpm3.sys       cpm3hd.sys     diskio.mac     drvtbl.mac   
gencpm.dat     index.html     info.html      initw.cpm      necd5124.h   
necd5126.h     sq306.h        st412.h        tm252.h        
       19 file(s)     144.513 bytes used

\015

[.]             [..]            !read.me        banner          ccico.cpm     
config.sys      cpm.mai         index.html      info.html       mail.cpm      
pnews.cpm       qterm.cpm       rmail.cpm       rnews.cpm       sccico.cpm    
signatur.###    smail.cpm       system.tpk      tpki.qtm        tptest.mai    
[u1]            [u2]            uucp.asc        uucp.cpm        uucp.txt      
wait.cpm        
       26 file(s)     237.288 bytes used

\015\u1

[.]             [..]            acdat.cpm       arc21.arc       banner        
d03.arc         datcopy2.arc    decuf.ark       index.html      info.html     
msdos20.arc     zf10int.lbr     zfdat.cpm       zmmedia.arc     
       14 file(s)     470.917 bytes used

\015\u2

[.]             [..]            banner          d.cpm           decuf.cpm     
grafik.h##      index.html      info.html       pcc.cpm         pcxshow.c##   
pcxshow.cpm     pflanze.c##     pflanze.cpm     uucode.cpm      uudecode.cpm  
uuencode.cpm    
       16 file(s)     137.985 bytes used

\016

[.]             [..]            bad.cpm         banner          cbios21.mac   
cpm3.doc        dir.cpm         diskstat.cpm    fill.z80        graoff.cpm    
graon.cpm       hdformat.cpm    hdformat.z80    hp14.cpm        hp14.qrf      
index.html      info.html       peep.cpm        peep13.doc      pipe.cpm      
superzap.cpm    sz4.doc         [u1]            unera.cpm       w.cpm         
ws3.cpm         ws33.cpm        wsmsgs.ovr      wsmsgs4.ovr     wsovly1.ovr   
wsovly14.ovr    xd.cpm          xox.cpm         zfilerne.cmd    zfind.cpm     
zflrcmd.doc     zp.cpm          
       37 file(s)     646.277 bytes used

\016\u1

[.]             [..]            banner          biosdir.pro     cpm31.doc     
cpm31.inc       dir.pas         erax.pas        fenster.inc     grafik.bak    
grafik.cpm      grafik.inc      grafik.pas      hex.fun         index.html    
info.html       msform.cpm      msform.pas      turbo.cpm       turbo.msg     
turbo.ovr       turbomsg.ovr    window.cpm      window.pas      
       24 file(s)     163.451 bytes used

\017

[.]             [..]            -brief          ark.cpm         banner        
booz.cpm        cr.cpm          crr0140.zip     crr150a.zip     crrholte.lbr  
defaults.crr    discov.lbr      index.html      info.html       unarc.cpm     
unarj.cpm       unzip.cpm       
       17 file(s)     295.154 bytes used

\018

[.]            [..]           banner         bios.h         bios3.c      
bios3.h        bios3.obj      calias.cmd     cpm.h          dhry.c##     
dhry.cpm       grafik.h       gratest.c      gratest.cpm    holte.lib    
index.html     info.html      liessect.c     read.me        unarc.cpm    
zccp.arc       zpm3n09.arc    
       22 file(s)     166.400 bytes used

\019

[.]             [..]            banner          bdosgraf.cpm    bdosgraf.z80  
fenster.pro     grafik.cpm      grafik.pas      grafik.z80      grafik1.pas   
graoff.z80      graon.cpm       graon.z80       gratest.pas     hex.fun       
index.html      info.html       lesezeit.cpm    lesezeit.z80    window.cpm    
window.pas      window.z80      window0.cpm     window0.z80     
       24 file(s)      63.042 bytes used

\020

[.]             [..]            !volker.905     allprint.cmd    apinstal.cpm  
banner          bearbeit.cmd    cb-cancl.cmd    cb-check.cmd    cb-clear.cmd  
cb-date.cmd     cb-depst.cmd    cb-help.cmd     cb-main.cmd     cb-mask.cmd   
cb-nbwd.cmd     cb-recon.cmd    cb-reprt.cmd    club.cmd        club.frm      
club.ndx        clublist.cmd    clubname.ndx    copy.cmd        date.ndx      
dbase-ii.cpm    dbase.cpm       dbasemsg.txt    dbaseovr.cpm    dgen.cmd      
dgen.ovl        dinstall.cpm    druck.cmd       dsort.cpm       dtree.tre     
dutil.cfg       dutil.cpm       fdate.ndx       fi-edit.cmd     fi-frame.cmd  
fi-gets.cmd     fi-locat.cmd    fi-main.cmd     fi-pack.cmd     fi-posn.cmd   
fi-some.cmd     filegen.cmd     finanz.cmd      formgen.cmd     frei.ndx      
freilist.cmd    fritz.frm       handuser.cmd    in-add.cmd      in-chng.cmd   
in-clean.cmd    in-date.cmd     in-delte.cmd    in-dtail.cmd    in-help.cmd   
in-init.cmd     in-main.cmd     in-pdesc.ndx    in-pnum.ndx     in-reodr.cmd  
in-rpt.cmd      in-rpt1.frm     in-rpt2.frm     in-updte.cmd    in-view.cmd   
in-vwed.cmd     index.html      indexneu.cmd    info.html       keywords.key  
kwdruck.cmd     labelgen.cmd    land.ndx        lb-print.cmd    liste.cmd     
menugen.cmd     name.ndx        ort.ndx         plz.ndx         pretty.new    
sp-help.cmd     sp-main.cmd     system.ndx      test.cmd        test.frm      
test.ndx        test.sub        user.cmd        userlist.cmd    zip.cpm       
zipin.cpm       zscrn.ovl       
       97 file(s)     787.348 bytes used

\021

[.]           [..]          banner        index.html    info.html   
        5 file(s)       6.346 bytes used

\022

[.]             [..]            !volker.901     asmfiles.lbr    banner        
c-rel.lbr       cfiles.lbr      dfue.lbr        header.lbr      index.html    
info.html       macfiles.lbr    mixfiles.lbr    
       13 file(s)     797.914 bytes used

\023

[.]             [..]            !volker.902     banner          cled.lbr      
docs.lbr        fcp.lbr         format.lbr      gemischt.lbr    index.html    
info.html       microsh.lbr     multipla.lbr    nzcomx.lbr      nzcpr.lbr     
nzfcp.lbr       nzrcp.lbr       program.lbr     rcp-good.lbr    spiele.lbr    
ws3mm.lbr       xrun-ecp.lbr    
       22 file(s)     739.820 bytes used

\024

[.]             [..]            !volker.903     180fig.cpm      8080.mac      
asmdis.cpm      back-e.cpm      banner          bug.cpm         bugrel.rel    
cref80.cpm      dasm.cpm        ddtz-n.doc      ddtz.dqc        debug.cpm     
diszilog.cpm    dskdmp.cpm      dump.180        dump.cpm        exasm.cpm     
findbad.cpm     fip.cpm         index.html      info.html       linkmap.cpm   
linkprl.cpm     lnkfig.cpm      m80inite.sub    m80l.sub        m80nl.sub     
makesym.cpm     makesym.doc     memrs.cpm       prolink.cpm     readme.lnk    
saved.ndr       slr180.doc      slrib.cpm       slrnk#.cpm      slrnk.cpm     
slrnkfix.zex    slrreh.cpm      survey.cpm      syntax.hlp      sz.sub        
t80.cpm         unload.cpm      vcom.cpm        xlate2.cpm      xref.cpm      
z80-008.mac     z80.cpm         z80.lib         z80asm.cpm      z80dis.000    
z80dis.001      z80dis.002      z80dis.cpm      z80dis.lbr      z80dis22.doc  
z8e.cpm         z8e.sym         zas.cpm         zasm#d.cpm      zasm.cpm      
zcnfg.cpm       zlib.cpm        zlink.cpm       zlnk#d.cpm      zlnk#e.cpm    
zmac#d.cpm      zmac#e.cpm      zmac.lbr        zmon.cpm        
       74 file(s)     863.494 bytes used

\025

[.]             [..]            !basic.104      banner          bas1.lbr      
bas2.lbr        baslib-o.rel    cb80.cpm        cb80.irl        cb80.ov1      
cb80.ov2        cb80.ov3        cbas.cpm        cbas2.cpm       cbas206.cpm   
cbck.cpm        cbrun2.cpm      cbxref.bas      cbxref.int      cbxref.rel    
civilw.bas      comp.sub        crt.002         crun.cpm        crun237.cpm   
datver.bas      datver.cpm      datver.rel      dphdef.bas      e-basic.arc   
ebasic.cpm      erun.cpm        feder.bak       feder.bas       feder.cpm     
feder.rel       index.html      info.html       keydvr.cpm      l80.cpm       
ld80.cpm        mbasic.cpm      obasic.cpm      othello.bas     othello.doc   
rantest.bas     sb.lbr          sequenz.bas     
       48 file(s)     842.426 bytes used

\026

[.]             [..]            alias.cmd       banner          default.z3p   
default.z3t     diskio1.mac     diskiohd.mac    drvtbl1.mac     drvtblhd.mac  
fremd.cpm       fremd.z80       hd2.mac         hdchar.mac      hddtbl.asm    
hdndf.z80       hdtest.z80      holte.z3t       holte.z80       index.html    
info.html       msdos.cpm       msdos.in0       msdos.in1       msdos.in2     
msdos.in3       msdos.pas       park.cpm        park.pas        [u1]          
xcpm3.lib       zfiler.cmd      
       32 file(s)     225.374 bytes used

\026\u1

[.]             [..]            $temp$          banner          bnkbdos3.spr  
bnkbios.mac     boot.mac        booter.mac      bootgen.sub     chario.mac    
cpm3.sub        cpm3.sys        cpmldr.rel      diskio.mac      driver.mac    
drvtbl.mac      font12.mac      gencpm.dat      index.html      info.html     
ldrbios.mac     modebaud.mac    move.mac        resbdos3.spr    scb.mac       
       25 file(s)     359.391 bytes used

\027

[.]             [..]            banner          bdos3.spr       bios22.rsx    
bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     boot.mac        callvers.asm    ccp.cpm       
chario.mac      cpm3.sys        cpmldr.rel      date.cpm        device.cpm    
dir.cpm         dirlbl.rsx      diskio.mac      drvtbl.mac      dump.asm      
dump.cpm        echovers.asm    ed.cpm          erase.cpm       format.cpm    
ftasten.cpm     gencom.cpm      gencpm.cpm      gencpm.dat      get.cpm       
help.cpm        help.hlp        hexcom.cpm      hist.utl        index.html    
info.html       initdir.cpm     konfig.cpm      kopier.cpm      lib.cpm       
link.cpm        m6845.cpm       mac.cpm         modebaud.mac    move.mac      
patch.cpm       pip.cpm         put.cpm         random.asm      rename.cpm    
resbdos3.spr    rmac.cpm        save.cpm        scb.mac         set.cpm       
setdef.cpm      show.cpm        sid.cpm         submit.cpm      trace.utl     
type.cpm        window.c        xref.cpm        z80.lib         zeisatz.cpm   
       65 file(s)     667.400 bytes used

\028

[.]            [..]           !volker.907    bad.cpm        banner       
ccp.cpm        cpm3.sys       date.cpm       dir.cpm        diskio1.mac  
diskio1.rel    do.cpm         gencpm.dat     hd.bak         hddtbl.asm   
hddtbl.cpm     hdndf.cpm      hdndf.z80      index.html     info.html    
initdir.cpm    pip.cpm        pipe.cpm       show.cpm       sz4.cpm      
zde.cpm        
       26 file(s)     213.110 bytes used

\029

[.]             [..]            !volker.907     banner          [bdsc13]      
bdsc13.lbr      [cpu280]        cpu280.lbr      [format]        format.lbr    
index.html      info.html       [mic318i]       mic318i.lbr     [small-c]     
small-c-.lbr    
       16 file(s)     692.734 bytes used

\029\bdsc13

[.]             [..]            banner          bdsc13.lbr      c.doc         
c.sub           cc1.com         cc2.com         ccrl.c          ccrl.doc      
clib.com        clink.com       deff.crl        float.crl       float.doc     
floatsum.c      fpfuncs.c       index.html      info.html       life.c        
life.com        mychess.com     newstuff.doc    othello.c       othello.com   
read.me         stdlib1.c       stdlib2.c       stone.c         stone.crl     
telnet.c        xx              
       32 file(s)     404.089 bytes used

\029\cpu280

[.]            [..]           banner         cpu280.lbr     cpu280e.hrd  
cpu280e.sft    index.html     info.html      
        8 file(s)      67.719 bytes used

\029\format

[.]             [..]            banner          format.arc      format.bak    
format.com      format.dat      format.his      format.in0      format.in1    
format.in2      format.in3      format.in4      format.in5      format.in6    
format.lbr      format.pas      formmerg.bas    formmerg.com    index.html    
info.html       
       21 file(s)     284.291 bytes used

\029\mic318i

[.]             [..]            -mic-.u00       abbruch.com     banner        
beispiel.c      beispiel.com    beispiel.mac    beispiel.rel    c.sub         
ccz.com         cel.c           cel.com         cel.mac         cflib.asm     
cfumwand.asm    chain.c         cio-kurz.c      cio.c           clib.asm      
clibz.asm       cllib.asm       cp.com          cstart.cc       ctest.c       
index.html      info.html       iodef.c         iodefp.c        kreis.c       
kreis.com       kreis1.c        kreis1.lst      kreis1.mac      lib.rel       
libk.rel        libp.rel        lower.c         mic318i.lbr     prokopf.c     
rich.c          rich.com        rich.mac        stdio-ku.rz     stdio.h       
stdiop.h        tabpos.c        touppe.c        tracff.asm      xxxmain.mac   
xxxmain.rel     
       51 file(s)     650.604 bytes used

\029\small-c

[.]             [..]            args.c          args.h          args.obj      
banner          c.sub           c80v-2.c        c80v.c          calc.sci      
cc.com          cc.doc          cc.sub          cpmdio.rel      float.c       
float.h         float.obj       index.html      info.html       iolib.c       
iolib.h         iolib.obj       printf1.c       printf1.h       printf1.obj   
printf2.c       printf2.h       printf2.obj     profile.asm     profile.h     
profile.obj     sci.com         sci.doc         sci.inf         shell.sci     
sil.com         sil.inf         sil.sub         sil1.doc        sil2.doc      
sillib.rel      silz80.lib      small-c-.lbr    sop.com         transcen.c    
transcen.h      transcen.obj    
       47 file(s)     635.958 bytes used

\030

[.]             [..]            !volker.908     banner          chn.phn       
cmex.cpm        cmex.mac        index.html      info.html       ini.mex       
kermit.cpm      local.sub       lync280.cpm     makemex.sub     mex.hlp       
mex112.lbr      mex114.lbr      mex2g3s.cpm     move3.cpm       movit280.cpm  
phone.num       qterm280.cpm    set.mex         sz.sub          zcpm.sub      
zmconfig.ovr    zmd14.bug       zminit.ovr      zmovl.z80       zmp-cpm3.hex  
zmp-cpm3.lbr    zmp-cpm3.z80    zmp-z280.lbr    zmp.cfg         zmp.com       
zmp.cpm         zmp.fon         zmp.for         zmp.hlp         zmpx.cpm      
zmterm.ovr      zmterm.ozr      zmxfer.ovr      zmxfer.ozr      zmyapp.ovr    
       45 file(s)     836.860 bytes used

\031

[.]             [..]            -read.me        banner          boot.mac      
boothd.zex      config.sys      diskio1.mac     drvtbl1.mac     elm.zex       
hd2.mac         hdbooter.mac    index.html      info.html       ldrbiohd.mac  
nn.zex          qt-holte.z      ram.txt         ramin.txt       sendit.zex    
strich          system.tpk      timerovl.z      tpki.qtm        uucp.top      
       25 file(s)     181.858 bytes used

\032

[.]             [..]            !volker.906     #032.dir        anagram.cpm   
banner          dfind.cpm       dictsort.cpm    dlookup.cpm     dmarkfix.cpm  
dreview.cpm     dsort.cpm       dspell.cpm      dtw.cpm         dwc.cpm       
dwortfre.cpm    fch.adr         form.txt        germdict.cmp    gupdict.bak   
gupdict.cmp     gwdfault.cmp    gwspec.cmp      index.html      info.html     
tw.cpm          winstall.cpm    wordfreq.cpm    ws#.cpm         ws.cpm        
ws.ovr          ws4.cpm         wschange.cpm    wschange.ovr    wschhelp.ovr  
wshelp.ovr      wsindex.xcl     wsmsgs.ovr      wsprint.ovr     wsshort.ovr   
zcpr.inf        
       41 file(s)     668.199 bytes used

\034

[.]             [..]            !holte.034      -dir034.txt     banner        
bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios.mac     bnkbios.rel     bnkbios3.spr    boot.mac      
boot.rel        booter.cpm      booter.mac      bootgen.bak     bootgen.sub   
bootgen1.zex    bootgen2.zex    ccp.cpm         chario.mac      chario.rel    
copysys.cpm     cpm3.sub        cpm3.sys        cpmldr.cpm      cpmldr.rel    
diskio1.mac     diskio1.rel     do.cpm          driver.cpm      driver.mac    
drvtbl1.mac     drvtbl1.rel     font12.mac      gencpm.bak      gencpm.cpm    
gencpm.dat      hd2.mac         hd2.rel         hdbooter.mac    hddtbl.asm    
hddtbl.cpm      hddtbl.rel      hdndf.cpm       hdndf.z80       index.html    
info.html       initdir.cpm     l80.cpm         ldrbiohd.bak    ldrbiohd.mac  
ldrbios.mac     link.cpm        linkcpm3.sub    m80.cpm         modebaud.mac  
move.mac        move.rel        neuboot.asm     nurdrive.sub    resbdos3.spr  
scb.mac         scb.rel         set.cpm         show.cpm        t80.cpm       
wnboot.z80      xcpm3.lib       zde.cpm         
       68 file(s)     664.708 bytes used

\035

[.]             [..]            -dir035.txt     asm.cpm         auto.cpm      
banner          boot.cpm        config.cpm      cpmgen.cpm      datum.cpm     
ddt.cpm         dump.asm        dump.cpm        ed.cpm          fkey.cpm      
format.cpm      index.html      info.cpm        info.html       load.cpm      
pd.cpm          pdrive.sys      pip.cpm         readme.cpm      sio.cpm       
stat.cpm        submit.cpm      tasten.cpm      term.cpm        uhr.cpm       
wnformat.cpm    xsub.cpm        zeit.cpm        zl.cpm          
       34 file(s)     141.655 bytes used

\036

[.]             [..]            -dir036.txt     auto.cpm        banner        
basic.cpm       bdos3.spr       bioskrnl.asm    bnkbdos3.spr    bnkbios3.spr  
boot.asm        boot.cpm        callvers.asm    ccp.cpm         chario.asm    
config.cpm      config.sys      cpm3.lib        cpm3.sys        cpmldr.rel    
cpmplus.txt     datum.cpm       default.ndr     dir.cpm         dirlbl.rsx    
drvtbl.asm      dump.asm        echovers.asm    erase.cpm       fd1797sd.asm  
fkey.cpm        format.cpm      help.cpm        help.hlp        hist.utl      
id.cpm          index.html      info.cpm        info.html       info.txt      
initdir.cpm     lib.cpm         link.cpm        mac.cpm         modebaud.lib  
move.asm        names.sub       patch.cpm       pd.cpm          pdrive.cpm    
pdrive.sys      pip.cpm         ports.lib       profile.old     put.cpm       
random.asm      rename.cpm      resbdos3.spr    rmac.cpm        save.cpm      
scb.asm         set.cpm         setdef.cpm      show.cpm        sid.cpm       
sio.cpm         sub.cpm         submit.cpm      sysin59.$$$     tasten.cpm    
trace.utl       type.cpm        uhr.cpm         wninit.cpm      xref.cpm      
z80.lib         zeit.cpm        
       77 file(s)     667.769 bytes used

\038

[.]             [..]            !asm.102        !assembl.102    -dir038.txt   
180fig.cpm      8080.mac        asmdis.cpm      banner          cref80.cpm    
dasm.cpm        dazzle.lbr      ddt.cpm         ddtz.cpm        dir038.txt    
dskdmp.cpm      dump.180        hexcom.cpm      index.html      info.html     
l80.cpm         lib.cpm         lib80.cpm       link.cpm        link80.cpm    
linkmap.cpm     linkprl.cpm     lnkfig.cpm      load.cpm        m80.cpm       
m80inite.sub    m80l.sub        m80nl.sub       mac.cpm         makesym.cpm   
makesym.doc     mload.cpm       mu.cpm          prolink.cpm     readme.lnk    
rmac.cpm        sid.cpm         slr180.cpm      slr180.doc      slrib.cpm     
slrnk.cpm       slrnkfix.zex    syntax.hlp      sz.sub          t80.cpm       
unload.cpm      xlate2.cpm      xref.cpm        xsub.cpm        z80-008.mac   
z80.cpm         z80.lib         z80dis.lbr      zas.cpm         zsid.cpm      
       60 file(s)     638.088 bytes used
Total files listed:
    1.942 file(s)    33.099.959 bytes used
                   27.581.652 K bytes free
